Add some ClusterPool documentation (#1198)
openshift/hive: docs/clusterpools.md

# Cluster Pools

## Overview

Hive exposes a `ClusterPool` API which allows users to maintain a pool of "hot"
precreated `ClusterDeployments`, ready to be claimed when needed. The pool size
can be configured and Hive will attempt to maintain that set number of
clusters.

When a user needs a cluster they create a `ClusterClaim` resource which will be
filled immediately with details on where to find their cluster.  (or as soon as
a cluster is available in the pool if none were presently available). Once
claimed, a cluster is removed from the pool and a new one will be created to
replace it. Claimed clusters never return to the pool, they are intended to be
destroyed when no longer needed. The `ClusterClaim.Spec.Namespace` will be
populated once the claim has been filled, and the `ClusterDeployment` will be
present in that namespace with an identical name.

`ClusterPools` are a namespaced resource, and can be used to centralize billing
by using a namespace limited to a team via Kubernetes RBAC. All clusters in the
pool will use the same set of cloud credentials specified in the platform for

> the pool. `ClusterClaims` are created in the same namespace as their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the pool. `ClusterClaims` must be created in the same namespace as their
```

> `ClusterPool`, but each actual `ClusterDeployment` is given it's own namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ClusterPool`, but each actual `ClusterDeployment` is given its own namespace.
```

The user who claims a cluster can be given RBAC to their clusters namespace to
prevent anyone else from being able to access it.

Presently once a `ClusterDeployment` is ready, it will be
[hibernated](./hibernating-clusters.md) automatically. Once claimed it will be
automatically resumed, meaning that the typical time to claim a cluster and be
ready to go is in the 2-5 minute range while the cluster starts up. An option
to keep the clusters in the pool always running so they can instantly be used
may be added in the future.

> When done with a cluster, users can just delete their `ClusterClaim` and the

Reviewer: It would be a good idea to mention the `lifetime` of a ClusterClaim in this section

Author: Very good idea, also added to the sample yaml below.

# Cluster Pools

## Overview

Hive exposes a `ClusterPool` API which allows users to maintain a pool of "hot"
precreated `ClusterDeployments`, ready to be claimed when needed. The pool size
can be configured and Hive will attempt to maintain that set number of
clusters.

When a user needs a cluster they create a `ClusterClaim` resource which will be
filled immediately with details on where to find their cluster.  (or as soon as
a cluster is available in the pool if none were presently available). Once
claimed, a cluster is removed from the pool and a new one will be created to
replace it. Claimed clusters never return to the pool, they are intended to be
destroyed when no longer needed. The `ClusterClaim.Spec.Namespace` will be
populated once the claim has been filled, and the `ClusterDeployment` will be

> present in that namespace with an identical name.

Author: Yes I am not happy with it when I realized how confusing it looked writing this, but I fear this ship has sailed as it's already published and in use.  It was probably done that way because we try to do that for anything we want to survive a backup and can't easily discover, however in this case we probably could discover it by looking for a cluster matching the label.

`ClusterPools` are a namespaced resource, and can be used to centralize billing
by using a namespace limited to a team via Kubernetes RBAC. All clusters in the
pool will use the same set of cloud credentials specified in the platform for
the pool. `ClusterClaims` must be created in the same namespace as their
`ClusterPool`, but each actual `ClusterDeployment` is given its own namespace.
The user who claims a cluster can be given RBAC to their clusters namespace to
prevent anyone else from being able to access it.

Presently once a `ClusterDeployment` is ready, it will be
[hibernated](./hibernating-clusters.md) automatically. Once claimed it will be
automatically resumed, meaning that the typical time to claim a cluster and be
ready to go is in the 2-5 minute range while the cluster starts up. An option
to keep the clusters in the pool always running so they can instantly be used

> may be added in the future.

Reviewer 2: > An option
to keep the clusters in the pool always running so they can instantly be used
may be added in the future.

hmm.. is it okay to mix docs with roadmap ?

Reviewer 2: rewording it as a Note would be better imo
